Add N-mode general gaussian transformation code (#251)
XanaduAI/thewalrus: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Adds the function `hafnian_banded` to calculate the hafnian of a banded matrix [#246](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/246)

> * Adds the functions `hermite_multidimensional_numba` and `grad_hermite_multidimensional_numba` to calculate the multidimensional Hermite polynomials and its gradients using numba [#251](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/251)

Reviewer: @nquesada are we going to call them `hermite_multidimensional` because they are not the regularized ones? or are they regularized?

Reviewer 2: They correspond to the `renorm = True` version of `hermite_polynomials`

> * Adds the functions `hermite_multidimensional_numba` and `grad_hermite_multidimensional_numba` to calculate the multidimensional Hermite polynomials and its gradients with numba codes [#251](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/251)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds the functions `hermite_multidimensional_numba` and `grad_hermite_multidimensional_numba` to calculate the multidimensional Hermite polynomials and its gradients using numba [#251](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/251)
```
